Tally Daybook html export

This feature is designed to export the daybook in html format so that you can further copy and paste in excel and remove unwanted columns and realign 
it as per your requirement.

This bot is designed for educational mode tally users who could only access some of the dates in the tally software while exporting directly to excel.

So, by this function they can export it to html and further they can manually do the required realignment work in excel

Pre - Requisities

1. Before running the bot, select the company you want and the period you want for the daybook to be exported in Tally
2. Maintain the export format as html in daybook before starting 
3.  Now before running the bot, you require some of the python packages to be installed in your system. Before that basically you must install Python
    And then, all the packages based on the code shared ( Like if there is import pyautogui, you should have installed pyautogui... so that only it could be imported)
    For installing the packages, you can go to command prompt and type like 'pip install pyautogui' ( For other packages, same syntax with other packages).
    It uses pip utility which would generally be installed along with python installation. You can see the packages list in command prompt by typing 'pip list'
    You can also use AI to see what packages are required for the code to be used
4. After running the bot, You would get a high pitched sound. After hearing that, quickly go to the tally window manually 

Commands given to the Bot

1. Press K
2. Click Alt + Fn + F2 #Some systems allow Alt + F2 without Function key check as per your system
3. Enter a23 #Click your desired period
4. Click enter
5. Enter m24 #Click your desired period here
6. Click enter
7. Wait for 15 seconds
8. Click Ctrl + E
9. Press C
10. Go 18 times down & Click #Check if the show more option is not enabled
 #Default html taken and given or else change the code
11. Change name as "Userdaybook.export.html" #Any unique name
12. Click enter
13. Press Ctrl + A
14. Then Press E
15. Wait until it exports
